but kids welcome inside
this video I did on the fly because 31
July I'm finally leaving for
it's down to four in calabria
in the afternoon it's 4pm and I have to
leave at 9 o'clock the bus and again
I can not even taken a shower done
a suitcase however was of the
release of a software update
for in the gigi 3 I don't know which version e
hopefully finally that fgh
again 3 improvements I carry over
a google patch is no better
specified and optimization
power
now this video of course will have to
be mounted and this will be one thing
really nice because i don't think of
being able to publish them android boh not
i really know
it is therefore nothing I will necessarily have to
mount it see you directly on
end of the update and see a
little bit what version it was
updated the phone as per the
previous update also with
this we have an ongoing update
screen one of two with the percentage
in short, the graphics are customized by
lg
now we await the final reboot then
we are updating we are at the stage of
application optimization after
the android update we are at 14
saying 16 then he will still have to do there
let's see guys right after
the phone is as up to date as I am
appeared out of pop up that I closed without
centers and saw forgotten apple drops down
then saw let's go into the ce settings
we go down to info on the phone
let's see what version they have
installed and procopio one for all e
I didn't see anyone who reported
so let's see this for a moment
read boys came to the g about
lgg truce is always the version
of course 32 gb germany to do the
germany so i don't know if it has already arrived
on 16 Italy or even on 32 cuts
even if the 32 italy sincerely are
a mirage why not
I don't really see around this is the
version in germany vd and gg eur xx
therefore all the improvements mentioned
the friend francesco spoke I have not
time to make a video now where you
I'm talking about the improvements he mentioned
so I put the address of his
video directly in melo description
go see anyway right for
heating battery summary some
they said no improvement in the
I can't receive this thing
try as you know because I don't have
reception problems so I don't
all that remains is to greet you really because I have to
healthy siena finally for this for
this session and I give you an appointment at
next video that will be shot
finally in calabria probably
just the review of this
little one will be the first thing I will do
June-sex greet you and give
appointment and next video bye
boys